Update whats-new-2-18.md (#855)
run-ai/docs: docs/home/whats-new-2-18.md

## Deprecation Notifications

> [Existing notifications feature](https://docs.run.ai/v2.10/admin/researcher-setup/email-messaging/), which requires cluster configuration, will be deprecated as we have released an improved feature. Customers who use the existing notifications feature in the cluster can continue using it for the next **two** versions. We recommend using the new notifications via CP for better control by the admin and improved user granularity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Existing notifications feature](https://docs.run.ai/v2.10/admin/researcher-setup/email-messaging/)requires cluster configuration, is being deprecated in favor of an improved Notification System. If you have been using the existing notifications feature in the cluster, you can continue to use it for the next **two** versions. It is recommend that you change to the new notifications system in the Control Plane for better control and improved message granularity.
```

Reviewer: @shiri-runai I made some adjustments to the text please review.
